bpo-42255: Deprecate webbrowser.MacOSX from Python 3.11 (#27837)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.11.rst

Deprecated
==========

> * :class:`webbrowser.MacOSX` is deprecated and will be removed at Python 3.12.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :class:`webbrowser.MacOSX` is deprecated and will be removed in Python 3.13.
```
